Now another thing to keep in mind when you're working with the spread operator is you can use it as
many times you want.
So to illustrate that you I'm going to go ahead and comment out these council logs so that way it's
not distracting when we log onto thing.
So in this case I'm going to make let's say another ray and we'll call those big numbers right here
and this will just be an array itself and this we'll have like crazy big numbers like eight hundred
ninety nine.
I mean obviously it's not that huge of a number but it's pretty big.
And then we'll do small numbers which will also be an array.
We'll do 3:33 try to put in an array of 33 44 55 like so.
Then after that what we could do is we can make a new array and we'll call this one.
Big array like so and all we have to do here is we could do for example a 0 and then for the next item
we could do a spread operator and big numbers like so and then counseled out log and big array.
And you can see it just adds it in order So first it starts at zero and then it adds the big numbers.
And if I wanted to then I could add in my map like so then I could add in another number right here
like 33 and then I could add small numbers like so and I'm just trying to illustrate to you that you
can really use this as many times you want and then maybe you set right here like so.
And this is going to be a crazy big array I'll have to move it up so you can see well there we go.
So you could see right here we have our zero.
Then all of our big numbers up to 33 then it has two different arrays inside of it.
And then 33 again and the small numbers.
And then after that we have our set which consist of 1 2 3.
So since you can use a spread operator on any iterable it is by far the easiest way to convert one collection
type into an array.
You could also do things like for example take a string and convert it into an array of characters or
take a node list object and just convert that into an array of nodes.
Definitely very useful.